Add the necessary documentation of citrix-adc format (#1095)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/network/ctirix_adc.md

uuid: 02a74ceb-a9b0-467c-97d1-588319e39d71
name: Citrix ADC
type: intake

## Overview

> this application delivery controller and load-balancing tool offers enhanced security and application performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Citrix ADC is a delivery controller and load-balancing tool that offers enhanced security and application performance.
```

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_02a74ceb-a9b0-467c-97d1-588319e39d71_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/02a74ceb-a9b0-467c-97d1-588319e39d71.md!}

## Configure

### Prerequisites

> - Must use either SYSLOG or NSLOG protocol or both of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have an internal log concentrator
- Have a NSLog server with the syslog protocol
```
